i have structural problems inshallah lack of services due to lack of
ponzi
and above all with that country
knitting contest for conflicts that have been going on since
the battle
a particularly affected voters classic this year is the worst
precisely that we remember love
the situation particularly
particularly dramatic and tape of his undeclared esteem
Italian post in short
karaoke
but also suspicious
and a song for you to stream even for other days
list other people and the region
The most affected countries right now are the only ones in the hips
the obliged subjects the north-east offers back
Lugano The local population is fleeing lost
collecchio is now in kenya
the field of the garda if you feel selfish but they arrive and the biggest cock
almo refugee
In the name of my husband, there are about 300,000 refugees and now they arrive
per week
nido lodo ok cantù in lime tree because you receive somalis instead
they arrive
it's a down jacket
3000 rezultate the day so these are huge numbers especially these
results come in years
into the wild - I praise a recent study of malnutrition found that
1012 very interesting higher tremon
of those indicated emergency bales starting from our lives
the same thing happens to the tomb you arabba
name even you are registered
I have a livestock loss
60%
prices have added very high levels and exibition to the others
body weight of the
and there is also what is evil. basic power supply
san marino - 240% compared to
since last year there is no availability of art tenderly for children
& lt so the situation is emo
.kar
in this world the forecast is being made of
the 12 million people affected by this city and which are expected to
coming months
unfortunately the number of points. person and can enter
and the next rainy season siffredi 8 October November
if this
houses also these rains and they hurt me that
11 10
inc. interceptions will be lower
to those of
& lt
unfortunately this is really they were palace choke
what in this present moment
letters xd city there is no one who says the opium law
They will be present
eritrea
i danda
dr. monitor the situation an excellent vintage of what people are
Sardinian
and bring to the profits on the farm television
the three countries
ingredients that affanna provides are enteritis in the woods art book +
vulnerability and in the ambit of
aquatic
the food
praise @
go to the face as much to the refugee populations ample streaming
and I live dead or one bye all
eeeeh intervention. vicious
and a Spoletina especially for launching contacts work with contexts
especially the one alone
in some areas of the southern part of the world that I cried
but necessary. to greet the populations
summer forged rooms to prevent that
nautical stremo of the bands more ship of the population
acrobats spoke to mothers and children
to finance the chronically ill
d
then
they are also international water interiors that sex you
anything
this in the short and very short is a md they require hoping that the
November content the meteo.it
as400 there is a need for a long-term friendly intervention to prevent it
Drought
all on tv
is
I'm a penalty stripper
to avoid the population being octopus I will surely keep
the city